Happy new year, this is Carlos, I'm back
I've been thinking a lot about my job, that is giving me food.
I mean, it is not that bad, I think, but I need to analyze what is bad or good for the best of my future.
the truth is that I'm not getting contacted in regards of a new employment outside, and this people is being really patient with me, getting late, being sick for a long time, not telling what is happening.
they feel like I'm not giving my part, or commitment, And I feel it too.
but I still feel tired, disappointed, annoyed, angry, anxious, and fear about the fact that I feel they do not care about me. 
today Alfredo (supervisor's Supervisor) talked to me, saying that they already had the plan to kick me out, but he put his hand on the fire for me, preventing it. Knowing I'm smart and I can do better. 
Now I feel important here, somebody doing that for me is freeing me out of a lot of stress, me thinking I'm not that important, got wiped out of my mind.
Maria got blocked, but she is the one "pregnant". I don't Believe her, not a bit.
twins, she says, two girls.
I live now with Celeste, my woman, now my wife.
one of my three cats got lost, Lima, and is getting into my head.
I lose thoughts as fast as i get them, and im trying to place them here, in the middle of my job, because if not, im not going to be able to sleep, trying to remember what i thought in the first time.
I started my plan to get rid of my debt, within 3 months, that the APC system gets updated.
I'm glad I have Celeste next to me, she is driving my alimentation, my peace of mind, my QOL, my order, everything I cannot handle, she does.
but is hard for me to communicate her what I cannot handle, since is the first time I do it.
now, a couple questions.
Should I go harder with this work?, to see if they get me out of the phone?
should I commit to this work?, they have the power to change info, but they have not do it, yet.
for now I dont have any other question. (14:08)
I presented my tool, the note generator.
they "liked" it.
being honest they almost fire me for it.
Alfredo and some 2 people prevented it. again.
Am I really being ungrateful with these people for wanting to "leave"?
is not that I dont want to be here, project is good, is easy, is simple.
I like it, and now more that Celeste is helping me a lot with everything I need to leave as background noise inside my mind when im not home and I didnt solve it.
I want to commit here, but i do not know if I should do it.
I also want to upgrade my driver's license, to use motorcycles, so I can drive a motorcycle wherever I want. but I don't know. I only know it would be easier for me to use the motorcycle to go to the gym. 